chore(github/workflows): rename workflow names for better clarity docs: add Contributing.md and Security.md for better project guidelines feat(README.md): enhance project description, add badges, video link, and images for better understanding feat: add nodeguard.png for visual representation in README.md (#224)
Elenpay/NodeGuard: README.md

[![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/qIQ5J0npj0c/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/qIQ5J0npj0c)

Current features of NodeGuard are the following:

- Asynchronous channel funding leveraging cold multisig wallets and hot wallets
- Multisig wallet creation and import (BIP39), only segwit for now
- Liquidity automation by settings rules in tandem with [NodeGuard liquidator](https://github.com/Elenpay/liquidator)
- Optional remote signing through [NodeGuard Remote Signer](https://github.com/Elenpay/Nodeguard-Remote-Signer) functions for channel funding transactions, separating the NodeGuard keys from the actual software
- Automatic sweeping of funds in lightning nodes to avoid having funds on the node hot wallets
- Channel management
- Channel creation interception with returning address to multisig wallets to avoid having funds on hot wallets
- Support for hardware wallets to sign the PSBTs for channel funding transactions

> - Minimalistic in-browser wallet with [NodeGuard Companion](https://github.com/Elenpay/Nodeguard-Remote-Signer) to ease signing of transactions and wallet creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minimalistic in-browser wallet with [NodeGuard Companion](https://github.com/Elenpay/Nodeguards-Companion) to ease signing of transactions and wallet creation
```

- In-browser notification systems for channel approvals
- Two-factor authentication

# Contributing
Check [Contributing.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

# Roadmap

TODO

# Dev environment quickstart

> 1. Run polar regtest network with Polar, import devnetwork.polar.zip (in the root of this repo) and start it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run polar regtest network with Polar, import devnetwork.zip (in the root of this repo) and start it
```
